## Mission Brief
# DOJ/HR COMMAND
# Ring 10, Cascade Line
# Khore-19A: Asphodel
# 11.05.5016U 21:09 (38:14 local time)


**//Transcript Begins**

Pilots of the Lodestar, this is **Admiral Elspeth Tran** of the Department of Justice & Human Rights, on behalf of the Union Science Bureau. 

On 11/03 at aproximately 02:00 hours Union standard time, an encrypted audio message flooded secure Union military omninet channels.
Metadata from the message shows that the broadcaster was a mech pilot attatched to the **USB Adelaide**, a science vessel that was, at last check-in, in low orbit above **Asphodel** in the **Khore** system. Their mission remains classified, but their message was as follows:

*AUDIO*

We have reason to believe that an organized attack was mounted against said pilot (codename: **Whistler**) during a routine training-op planetside. Simultaniously, something happened to the **Adelaide** in orbit. All communication with the vesel has ceased, and it is presumed disabled or destroyed. **Whistler** and the NHP casket housed in their rig are presumed captured.

**Whistler**, along with the Pilot's experemental NHP (codename **Song**) are to be considered extremely high value assets to Union. The success of this mission hinges upon their safe retrieval and extraction. All other objectives are to be considered secondary to this. We are Union. We leave no one behind.  

Omninet chatter from the area shows signs that the **Rangda's Tongue** mercenary company -an usanctioned greyspace outfit- has deployment within the system.
It is believed that these mercenaries carried out the ground-portion of this attack, though it is unlikely such a small outfit would have the capabilities to disable a capital ship. Profiles of known forces are being forwarded to you alongside all available telemetry data.

At current, no major polity or group is suspected or incriminated in this attack. That is to say we do not know who our enemies are, beyond the aforementioned mercenaries. A concerning situation, especially given **Khore's** realspace proximity to the politically tensious **Dawnline Shore**.

However, the Smith-Shimano Corpro has informed us that a derelict way-station on the outskirts of one of their defunct labs has recently shown signs of activity via omninet. We believe that this way-station --**SSC-DELTA ZULU-118**-- is serving as a temporary base of operations for the **Rangda's Tongue**  This way-station is of some import to the SSC, having been lost for some time, and you may expect to be contacted by them so that any breaches of IP and company security can be smoothed over. I'm sure they'd rather have people on their payroll mucking about in their labs than common pirates.

You will need to infiltrate this base and extract both **Whistler** and **Song**. If there is any indication that the NHP has been coppied, it is imperitave that any coppies are destroyed, however possible. 

If you manage to gain intel on who might be calling the shots here, what their motivations are, or what forces they may have; or if any data can be recovered on what became of the **Adelaide**, we will consider those in your bonus. 

Pilots, your ship is the only cavalry-equiped vessel within two light-weeks of **Asphodel**. I hate to foist such a sensitive mission on an inexperienced crew, but **CAMEN** speaks highly of you, and I'm afraid you're literally our only hope at the moment. It's our great fortune that you happened to be on a sublight burn so close by. 

On behalf of Union, and all of humanity, I thank you for your service. And sorry for the rude awakening- I hope the Mana helps ease the sting.