## PILOT BIO
Born an orphan, she was taken in by an order of Holy Battle Arms - a caste of warrior paladins/mercenaries. From a young age, she was given basic body strengthening training, with an aptitude for mech repair/adaptation engineering, and a good eye for specifics. Her years with the Order have given her a decent amount of lithe agility, endurance and control over her body, and a physical testament of her 'advancement' - her Holy Mark, a tattoo that extends from her cheek down her neck, and beyond. Hence the complete obscurance of her face as much as possible whenever she is out of her room.

Following the ritual tattooing of advancement (and allowing for healing), her order was sent into battle at the edge of her known space territory. She was issued her weapons, and ran out onto the battle grounds. Her closest friend (and secret crush) was immediately merc'ed by enemy sniper fire, and Mira buckled, turning tail and running from the fray until she was out of sight. She managed to arrange a few deals with the devil to escape the planet, using her battle armor suit as collateral, "until the debts are paid off - new identities for deserters ain't cheap". She doesn't know where it's been stored exactly, but she's got some ideas, and a few tentative leads.

The other part of the deal is her 'on-call' employment as a "retrieval specialist" for them. She gets to apply her training (parkouresque agility and tinkering /engineering skills) in a way that leads to no bloodshed, and earns just enough manna to keep a tiny room for herself in the equivalent of a housing apartment. She loves to listen to horribly cheerful, catchy synth pop music when she's curled up on her sofa bed at night, watching the rest of the society flow below her window.

## PILOT APPEARANCE
In her early 30's.  Short, sandy blonde hair, with an undercut.  Typically wears grimy denim overalls, with the arms tied around her waist when not actively arms deep in some mech repair.  Always wears a hooded scarf and mirrored shades, with a dark gaiter mask over the lower half of her face.  Her arms are scarred, but move with assurance.  Known to deal in some underground smuggling/procurement from time to time to supplement her debt payments - new identities don't come cheap, after all.
Any time she's seen outside of the repairs and detailing chop shop that she works at, if she's not in the hooded scarf, she has a leather hood attached to straps (chest harness style), with clips for the gaiter to keep it in place.