# Mission // #001
## As Above

A distress signal from a USB pilot captured on the surface of the planet Asphodel prompts an emergency mercenary call from **Union**. The **Lodestar** is the only capable vessel within months of the system. Swift deceleration from relativistic travel is a pain, but the Mana's good. 

# Goals
- Infiltrate decomissioned SSC laboratory **DELTA ZULU-118** on **Asphodel**, avoiding outright engagement with hostiles if possible.
- Rescue USB Pilot asset: codename **Whistler** 
- Retrieve NHP casket: codename **Song**, preferably along with the GMS Everest it is installed within.
- Escape with **Whistler** and **Song** via armored chassis to extraction zone. Resistance expected.

# Optional Commisions
- Gain data on enemy force
- Find evedence of who is employing the Ranga's Tongue Mercenary Company
- Discover what happened to Union Science vessel **Adelaide**
- **SSC Comission:** Retrieve lost reasearch data from derelict SSC base **DELTA ZULU-118** 


# Stakes
- Failure to retrieve *both* **Whistler** and **Song** presents a significant security risk to all Union & allied polities. 
- Enemy forces unknown save for a small contingent of **Rangda's Tongue** mercenaries: All major polities have denied attack. A new player in the region this close to the politically volatile Dawnline Shore is a matter of vital importance.
- Opperating hours on **Asphodel's** surface are narrow, and only occur during twilight approximatley once every 70 standard hours. After making planetfall, you will have a **5 hour** window of twilight before dawn. Opperating on the planet's surface after sunrise is incredibly dangerous, even to armored chassis.

# Reserves
- None at this time.